Call
Just cross
What's the matter with crossing into a cell?
God, aren't you playing with me?
Oh, poor me, old and young
I'm still a good young man
No way.
I can't sit still
I have to find a way to save myself
Jizhou
Yuan Shen's second uncle is upright
Never arson
As long as the culprit behind the scenes can be found
Solve the case
Everything is solved
But
I am in this place
How can I find the murderer?
By the way, if memory serves
dossier
According to historical records
The file records the whole case solid wood
As long as I can find the dossier
It's all over
Ah, that's right.
big brother
Your Majesty has Ling Taidao, the offender is suspected of arson, murder, and murder. The officials took down all the people in the love house
Jail
No, my Qin family has been loyal for generations
It must be slander
It's slander.
I have reported that it is a dog.
Stop talking to me
shut up
Second brother take away
Second brother, express delivery in the army
Qin Mo, why are you here?
I was right
Why aren't you locked up?
I am the head of the country
Exemption from criminal law
However, the citizens of Baghdad will never be allowed to be officials
Why can't scholars be exempted from criminal law?
Isn't that differential treatment?
What are you talking about?
No, I mean, oh, right.
Do me a favor
What are you busy with? I want to see Junzong